README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="assets/icon.svg" height="90" alt="Predirect logo">
<h1>Predirect</h1>
<h3>A manifest v3 web extension with minimal permissions that automatically redirects popular sites to privacy friendly frontends</h3>

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/predirect/aiillidfcgfckfhkpiakhkkpbkknagnp"><img src = "assets/chrome.png" alt="Available in the Chrome Web Store" height="60">
</a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/predirector/"><img src = "assets/mozilla.svg" alt="Get the addon firefox" height="60">
</a>
<a href="https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/predirect/meehajiemfkahmhbemddchfhafmjcnij"><img src = "assets/edge.svg" alt="Get the addon Microsoft Edge" height="60">
</a>

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/libreom/predirect?style=social)](https://github.com/libreom/predirect/stargazers)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/libreom/predirect?style=social)](./COPYING)

</div>

- Works in [Firefox for Android](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/predirector/)

## Redirects

| From                                                   | To                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [YouTube](https://youtube.com) (Links & embeds)        | [Piped](https://github.com/TeamPiped/Piped), [Invidious](https://github.com/iv-org/invidious)                                                                    |
| [𝕏](https://twitter.com)                               | [Nitter](https://github.com/zedeus/nitter)                                                                                                                       |
| [Reddit](https://reddit.com)                           | [redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)                                                                                                                   |
| [Search](https://www.google.com)                       | [SearXNG](https://github.com/searxng/searxng)                                                                                                                    |
| [Medium](https://medium.com)                           | [Scribe](https://sr.ht/~edwardloveall/Scribe/), [LibMedium](https://github.com/realaravinth/libmedium), [medium.rip](https://github.com/SphericalKat/medium.rip) |
| [TikTok](https://tiktok.com)                           | [ProxiTok](https://github.com/pablouser1/ProxiTok)                                                                                                               |
| [Quora](https://quora.com)                             | [Quetre](https://github.com/zyachel/quetre)                                                                                                                      |
| [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/)                | [Proxigram](https://codeberg.org/ThePenguinDev/proxigram)                                                                                                        |
| [Fandom](https://www.fandom.com/)                      | [Breezewiki](https://gitdab.com/cadence/breezewiki)                                                                                                              |
| [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com//)                         | [libremdb](https://github.com/zyachel/libremdb)                                                                                                                  |
| [Genius](https://genius.com)                           | [Dumb](https://github.com/rramiachraf/dumb)                                                                                                                      |
| [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com//)           | [Beatbump](https://github.com/snuffyDev/Beatbump), [Hyperpipe](https://codeberg.org/Hyperpipe/Hyperpipe)                                                         |
| [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/)                | [BiblioReads](https://github.com/nesaku/BiblioReads)                                                                                                             |
| [Imgur](https://imgur.com/)                            | [Rimgo](https://codeberg.org/rimgo/rimgo)                                                                                                                        |
| [Translate](https://translate.google.com/)             | [Mozhi](https://codeberg.org/aryak/mozhi)                                                                                                                        |
| [Pixiv](https://www.pixiv.net/)                        | [Pixivfe](https://codeberg.org/vnpower/pixivfe)                                                                                                                  |
| [Urban Dictionary](https://www.urbandictionary.com/)   | [Rural Dictionary](https://codeberg.org/zortazert/rural-dictionary/)                                                                                             |
| [Ultimate Guitar](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/)    | [freetar](https://github.com/kmille/freetar)                                                                                                                     |
| [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/)                      | [Tent](https://forgejo.sny.sh/sun/Tent)                                                                                                                          |
| [Tumblr](https://tumblr.com/)                          | [Priviblur](https://github.com/syeopite/priviblur)                                                                                                               |
| [Soundcloud](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/)         | [Tubo](https://github.com/migalmoreno/tubo)                                                                                                                      |
| [Know Your Meme](https://knowyourmeme.com/)            | [MeMe](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/MeMe)                                                                                                                           |
| [Instructables](https://www.instructables.com/)        | [Destructables](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/Destructables)                                                                                                         |
| [Stack Exchange/ Overflow](https://stackexchange.com/) | [AnonymousOverflow](https://github.com/httpjamesm/AnonymousOverflow)                                                                                             |
| [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/)                       | [SafeTwitch](https://codeberg.org/SafeTwitch/safetwitch)                                                                                                         |
| [WolframAlpha](https://www.wolframalpha.com/)          | [Wolfree](https://codeberg.org/wolfree/wolfree-dockerfile)                                                                                                       |
| [Reuters](https://reuters.com/)                        | [Neuters](https://github.com/HookedBehemoth/neuters)                                                                                                             |
| [Snopes](https://reuters.com/)                         | [Suds](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/Suds)                                                                                                                           |

## Attribution

Icon modified from u-turn by Creative Stall from [Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/u-turn/) (CC BY 3.0)

Commit message:

Clarify How Custom Instances Are Configured in README.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="assets/icon.svg" height="90" alt="Predirect logo">
<h1>Predirect</h1>
<h3>A manifest v3 web extension with minimal permissions that automatically redirects popular sites to privacy friendly frontends</h3>

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/predirect/aiillidfcgfckfhkpiakhkkpbkknagnp"><img src = "assets/chrome.png" alt="Available in the Chrome Web Store" height="60">
</a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/predirector/"><img src = "assets/mozilla.svg" alt="Get the addon firefox" height="60">
</a>
<a href="https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/predirect/meehajiemfkahmhbemddchfhafmjcnij"><img src = "assets/edge.svg" alt="Get the addon Microsoft Edge" height="60">
</a>

[![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/libreom/predirect?style=social)](https://github.com/libreom/predirect/stargazers)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/libreom/predirect?style=social)](./COPYING)

</div>

- Works in [Firefox for Android](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/predirector/)

## Redirects

| From                                                   | To                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [YouTube](https://youtube.com) (Links & embeds)        | [Piped](https://github.com/TeamPiped/Piped), [Invidious](https://github.com/iv-org/invidious)                                                                    |
| [𝕏](https://twitter.com)                               | [Nitter](https://github.com/zedeus/nitter)                                                                                                                       |
| [Reddit](https://reddit.com)                           | [redlib](https://github.com/redlib-org/redlib)                                                                                                                   |
| [Search](https://www.google.com)                       | [SearXNG](https://github.com/searxng/searxng)                                                                                                                    |
| [Medium](https://medium.com)                           | [Scribe](https://sr.ht/~edwardloveall/Scribe/), [LibMedium](https://github.com/realaravinth/libmedium), [medium.rip](https://github.com/SphericalKat/medium.rip) |
| [TikTok](https://tiktok.com)                           | [ProxiTok](https://github.com/pablouser1/ProxiTok)                                                                                                               |
| [Quora](https://quora.com)                             | [Quetre](https://github.com/zyachel/quetre)                                                                                                                      |
| [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/)                | [Proxigram](https://codeberg.org/ThePenguinDev/proxigram)                                                                                                        |
| [Fandom](https://www.fandom.com/)                      | [Breezewiki](https://gitdab.com/cadence/breezewiki)                                                                                                              |
| [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com//)                         | [libremdb](https://github.com/zyachel/libremdb)                                                                                                                  |
| [Genius](https://genius.com)                           | [Dumb](https://github.com/rramiachraf/dumb)                                                                                                                      |
| [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com//)           | [Beatbump](https://github.com/snuffyDev/Beatbump), [Hyperpipe](https://codeberg.org/Hyperpipe/Hyperpipe)                                                         |
| [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/)                | [BiblioReads](https://github.com/nesaku/BiblioReads)                                                                                                             |
| [Imgur](https://imgur.com/)                            | [Rimgo](https://codeberg.org/rimgo/rimgo)                                                                                                                        |
| [Translate](https://translate.google.com/)             | [Mozhi](https://codeberg.org/aryak/mozhi)                                                                                                                        |
| [Pixiv](https://www.pixiv.net/)                        | [Pixivfe](https://codeberg.org/vnpower/pixivfe)                                                                                                                  |
| [Urban Dictionary](https://www.urbandictionary.com/)   | [Rural Dictionary](https://codeberg.org/zortazert/rural-dictionary/)                                                                                             |
| [Ultimate Guitar](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/)    | [freetar](https://github.com/kmille/freetar)                                                                                                                     |
| [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/)                      | [Tent](https://forgejo.sny.sh/sun/Tent)                                                                                                                          |
| [Tumblr](https://tumblr.com/)                          | [Priviblur](https://github.com/syeopite/priviblur)                                                                                                               |
| [Soundcloud](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/)         | [Tubo](https://github.com/migalmoreno/tubo)                                                                                                                      |
| [Know Your Meme](https://knowyourmeme.com/)            | [MeMe](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/MeMe)                                                                                                                           |
| [Instructables](https://www.instructables.com/)        | [Destructables](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/Destructables)                                                                                                         |
| [Stack Exchange/ Overflow](https://stackexchange.com/) | [AnonymousOverflow](https://github.com/httpjamesm/AnonymousOverflow)                                                                                             |
| [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/)                       | [SafeTwitch](https://codeberg.org/SafeTwitch/safetwitch)                                                                                                         |
| [WolframAlpha](https://www.wolframalpha.com/)          | [Wolfree](https://codeberg.org/wolfree/wolfree-dockerfile)                                                                                                       |
| [Reuters](https://reuters.com/)                        | [Neuters](https://github.com/HookedBehemoth/neuters)                                                                                                             |
| [Snopes](https://reuters.com/)                         | [Suds](https://git.vern.cc/cobra/Suds)                                                                                                                           |

## Troubleshooting
### Custom Instance is ignored
Ensure that the custom instance is provided as the base domain URL (i.e. `example.com`) and NOT the full-path URL (i.e. `https://example.com/`). 

## Attribution

Icon modified from u-turn by Creative Stall from [Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/browse/icons/term/u-turn/) (CC BY 3.0)
